docs: add new Layout Functions: Center, Column and Row.. (#516)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/api/components/layout/sizedbox.md

---
title: SizedBox
weight: 338
description: You will find here the description of the SizedBox function and its attributes details
---

---

## What is it?

> `SizedBox` is a function that applies a size to your component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SizedBox` is a function to help you organize the layout of your view. It sets the size of the component passed as parameter with the given value. This is equivalent to set the property `style.size` of the component.
```

See how the structure is represented:

| **Attribute** | **Type**  | Required | **Definition** |
| :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | self   | StyleComponent                                                |      ✓       | Component to be applied the style. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| self   | StyleComponent                                                |      ✓       | Component to receive the style. |
```
